content/FinancialSupport/_index.md, before:

---
title: "Financial Support"
date: 2025-01-25
Developer: Amar Deep Tiwari
featured: true
draft: false
weight: 1
location: "USA"
featured_image: "/images/financial_support.jpg"
---

Pursuing higher education in the United States can be expensive, but there are numerous scholarships, grants, and funding opportunities available to help international students achieve their academic dreams. Here’s an overview of financial support options:

### Scholarships for International Students
Scholarships are a great way to reduce the financial burden of studying abroad. Below are some popular scholarships for international students:

{{< figure src="/images/scholarship-application-form-foundation-concept.jpg" caption="<small><small><em>Image source: rawpixel.com on Freepik</a></em></small></small>" >}}


#### General Scholarships
- **Fulbright Foreign Student Program**  
  A prestigious scholarship for graduate students, artists, and professionals from over 160 countries. It covers tuition, airfare, living expenses, and health insurance.  
  [Learn more](https://foreign.fulbrightonline.org/)

- **Joint Japan/World Bank Graduate Scholarship Program**  
  Offers financial support to students from developing countries pursuing master’s degrees in development-related fields.  
  [Learn more](https://www.worldbank.org/en/programs/scholarships)

- **American Association of University Women (AAUW) International Fellowships**  
  Provides funding for women pursuing graduate or postgraduate studies in the U.S.  
  [Learn more](https://www.aauw.org/resources/programs/fellowships-grants/current-opportunities/international/)

#### Scholarships (U.S. Embassies and Consulates in Tokyo)
- **Scholarship Information**  
  Various scholarships for students studying abroad.  
  [Learn more](https://jp.usembassy.gov/ja/education-ja/scholarships-ja/)
  
  
#### Scholarships for Japanese Students
- **JASSO Scholarships**  
  Japan Student Services Organization offers various scholarships for students studying abroad.  
  [Learn more](https://www.jasso.go.jp/en/)

- **MEXT Scholarships**  
  Sponsored by the Japanese government, this scholarship supports students for graduate studies abroad.  
  [Learn more](https://www.studyinjapan.go.jp/en/planning/scholarship/)

### Funding for Master’s Students
Master’s students can access scholarships, assistantships, and grants to support their education:
- **Graduate Assistantships**: Many U.S. universities offer teaching or research assistant positions, which cover tuition and provide a stipend.
- **Rotary Peace Fellowships**: Fully funds master’s degree programs in peace and conflict resolution.  
  [Learn more](https://www.rotary.org/en/our-programs/peace-fellowships)

### Funding for PhD Students
PhD programs often come with robust funding packages:
- **University Fellowships**: Many U.S. universities provide full tuition waivers and stipends for PhD students.
- **National Science Foundation (NSF) Graduate Research Fellowship**: A highly competitive fellowship for STEM PhD students.  
  [Learn more](https://www.nsf.gov/science-matters/nsf-101-graduate-research-fellowship-program)
- **Institute of International Education (IIE) Scholarships**: Offers various grants and fellowships for international PhD students.  
  [Learn more](https://www.iie.org/)




### Other Financial Resources
- **Part-Time Work Opportunities**: International students on an F-1 visa can work up to 20 hours per week on campus. Check with your university for job openings.
- **External Scholarships**: Organizations like [Scholarships.com](https://www.scholarships.com) and [Fastweb](https://www.fastweb.com) list numerous scholarships available to international students.
- **Loan Options**: While not ideal, private loans tailored for international students are available through lenders like MPOWER Financing or Prodigy Finance.

{{< figure src="/images/diane-serik-oFK7xgf4_50-unsplash.jpg" caption="Photo by Diane Serik on Unsplash" >}}

---

**Investing in your education is an investment in your future. Explore these resources and funding opportunities to make your academic dreams a reality!**

Commit message:

Update scholarship information and resources

content/FinancialSupport/_index.md, after:

---
title: "Financial Support"
date: 2025-01-25
Developer: Amar Deep Tiwari
featured: true
draft: false
weight: 1
location: "USA"
featured_image: "/images/financial_support.jpg"
---

Pursuing higher education in the United States can be expensive, but there are numerous scholarships, grants, and funding opportunities available to help international students achieve their academic dreams. Here’s an overview of financial support options:

### Scholarships for International Students
Scholarships are a great way to reduce the financial burden of studying abroad. Below are some popular scholarships for international students:

{{< figure src="/images/scholarship-application-form-foundation-concept.jpg" caption="<small><small><em>Image source: rawpixel.com on Freepik</a></em></small></small>" >}}


#### General Scholarships
- **Fulbright Foreign Student Program**  
  A prestigious scholarship for graduate students, artists, and professionals from over 160 countries. It covers tuition, airfare, living expenses, and health insurance.  
  [Learn more](https://www.fulbright.jp/scholarship/)

- **Joint Japan/World Bank Graduate Scholarship Program**  
  Offers scholarships to Japanese mid-career professionals pursuing graduate degrees abroad in development related fields.
  [Learn more](https://www.worldbank.org/en/programs/scholarships)

- **American Association of University Women (AAUW) International Fellowships**  
  Provides funding for women pursuing graduate or postgraduate studies in the U.S.  
  [Learn more](https://www.aauw.org/resources/programs/fellowships-grants/current-opportunities/international/)

#### Resources to Explore Various Scholarship Opportunities
- **U.S. Embassy and Consulates in Japan**  
  Various scholarships for students studying abroad.  
  [Learn more](https://jp.usembassy.gov/ja/education-ja/scholarships-ja/)
  
- **JASSO Scholarships**  
  Japan Student Services Organization offers various scholarships for students studying abroad.  
  [Learn more](https://www.jasso.go.jp/ryugaku/scholarship_a/index.html)

  - **EducationUSA**  
  Offers more resources for applicable scholarships.  
  [Learn more](https://educationusa.jp/steps/scholarship.html)

- **Institute of International Education (IIE) Scholarships**  
  Offers various grants and fellowships for international PhD students.  
  [Learn more](https://www.iie.org/)

### Funding for Master’s Students
Master’s students can access scholarships, assistantships, and grants to support their education:
- **Graduate Assistantships**: Many U.S. universities offer teaching or research assistant positions, which cover tuition and provide a stipend.
- **Rotary Peace Fellowships**: Fully funds master’s degree programs in peace and conflict resolution.  
  [Learn more](https://www.rotary.org/en/our-programs/peace-fellowships)

### Funding for PhD Students
PhD programs often come with robust funding packages:
- **University Fellowships**: Many U.S. universities provide full tuition waivers and stipends for PhD students.
- **National Science Foundation (NSF) Graduate Research Fellowship**: A highly competitive fellowship for STEM PhD students.  
  [Learn more](https://www.nsf.gov/science-matters/nsf-101-graduate-research-fellowship-program)




### Other Financial Resources
- **Part-Time Work Opportunities**: International students on an F-1 visa can work up to 20 hours per week on campus. Check with your university for job openings.
- **External Scholarships**: Organizations like [Scholarships.com](https://www.scholarships.com) and [Fastweb](https://www.fastweb.com) list numerous scholarships available to international students.
- **Loan Options**: While not ideal, private loans tailored for international students are available through lenders like MPOWER Financing or Prodigy Finance.

{{< figure src="/images/diane-serik-oFK7xgf4_50-unsplash.jpg" caption="Photo by Diane Serik on Unsplash" >}}

---

**Investing in your education is an investment in your future. Explore these resources and funding opportunities to make your academic dreams a reality!**
